feat(async-api): Update documentation for the Axe.Windows 2.0 API (#762)
microsoft/axe-windows: docs/AutomationReference.md

#### IScanner

##### `ScanAsync`
The `ScanAsync` method asynchronously runs AxeWindows automated tests using the config provided at the time of creation of the scanner. This method should be `await`ed.

##### `Scan`
The `Scan` method synchronously runs AxeWindows automated tests using the config provided at the time of creation of the scanner, and blocks until the scan is complete.

> ##### Parameters

Reviewer: Docs usually have an API, then information about the API as children. Links as children are normal and expected. As currently drafted, ScanAsync has no information and it's all in siblings. Can we put Parameters and Return object as H6 children of each of the H5 Scan and the H5 ScanAsync, then they can link to the types? it might make sense to have an H5 Objects and list the ScanOutput and ScanOptions--along with the other types--there. I

#### IScanner

##### `ScanAsync`
The `ScanAsync` method asynchronously runs AxeWindows automated tests using the config provided at the time of creation of the scanner. This method should be `await`ed.

###### Parameters

> `IScanner.ScanAsync` accepts two parameters: an instance of `ScanOptions` containing custom settings for this scan (or `null` for default options), and a [`CancellationToken`](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-gb/dotnet/api/system.threading.cancellationtoken?view=netstandard-2.0).

Reviewer: Can we put these in a table similar to the ScanOptions constructor? That's the norm for our docs

###### Return object
`ScanAsync` returns a `ScanOutput` object.

##### `Scan`
The `Scan` method synchronously runs AxeWindows automated tests using the config provided at the time of creation of the scanner, and blocks until the scan is complete.

###### Parameters

> `IScanner.Scan` accepts one parameter: an instance of `ScanOptions` containing custom settings for this scan (or `null` for default options).

Reviewer: Table?

> `IScanner.Scan` accepts one parameter: an instance of `ScanOptions` containing custom settings for this scan (or `null` for default options).

Reviewer: Where possible, let's use internal links. Instead of `ScanOptions`, it could be [`ScanOptions`](https://github.com/microsoft/axe-windows/blob/main/docs/AutomationReference.md#scanoptions)

###### Return object

> `Scan` returns a `ScanOutput` object.

Reviewer: Link to ScanIOutput in doc
```suggestion
`Scan` returns a [`ScanOutput`](https://github.com/microsoft/axe-windows/blob/main/docs/AutomationReference.md#scanoutput) object.
```

#### `ScanOptions`
The `ScanOptions` constructor accepts the following arguments:

**Name** | **Type** | **Description**
---|---|---

> scanId | `string` | A string identifier for the scan. If the scan produces output files based on the `Config` object used to create the scanner, the output files will be given the name of the scan id (e.g., MyScanId.a11ytest).

Reviewer: For this table, should we have a column for the default parameter/behavior?

#### IScanner

##### `ScanAsync`
The `ScanAsync` method asynchronously runs AxeWindows automated tests using the config provided at the time of creation of the scanner. This method should be `await`ed.

###### Parameters
`IScanner.ScanAsync` accepts two parameters:

**Name** | **Type** | **Description**
---|---|---
`scanOptions` | `ScanOptions` | An object describing custom settings for this scan. Pass `null` for default options.
`cancellationToken` | `CancellationToken` | A [`CancellationToken`](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-gb/dotnet/api/system.threading.cancellationtoken?view=netstandard-2.0).

###### Return object
`ScanAsync` returns a `ScanOutput` object.

##### `Scan`
The `Scan` method synchronously runs AxeWindows automated tests using the config provided at the time of creation of the scanner, and blocks until the scan is complete.

###### Parameters
`IScanner.Scan` accepts one parameter:

> ###### Parameters
> `IScanner.ScanAsync` accepts two parameters:

Reviewer: These have been moved up and should be removed
```suggestion
```

**Name** | **Type** | **Description**
---|---|---
`scanOptions` | `ScanOptions` | An object describing custom settings for this scan. Pass `null` for default options.

###### Return object
`Scan` returns a `ScanOutput` object.

#### `ScanOptions`
The `ScanOptions` constructor accepts the following arguments:

**Name** | **Type** | **Description** | **Default value**

> ---|---|---

Reviewer: This table is malformed because we have more column headers than columns defined. I think this needs to be
```suggestion
---|---|---|---
```

#### Example
```C#
using System;
using System.Collections.Generic;

> using System.Threading.Tasks;

Reviewer: We should ensure that our sample comples. I believe the `First()` method requires System.Linq

using Axe.Windows.Automation;

namespace AxeWindowsDemo
{
    class Program
    {
        /// <summary>
        /// This is a quick and easy demo of the automation code
        /// </summary>
        static async Task Main(string[] args)
        {
            string testAppPath = Path.GetFullPath(@"..\myApplication.exe");
            string outputDir = Path.GetFullPath(@".\TestOutput");
            Process testProcess = Process.Start(testAppPath);
            var config = Config.Builder.ForProcessId(testProcess.Id)
                .WithOutputFileFormat(OutputFileFormat.A11yTest)
                .WithOutputDirectory(outputDir)
                .Build();

            var scanner = ScannerFactory.CreateScanner(config);

            try
            {
                var output = await scanner.ScanAsync(null);

>                 Assert.AreEqual(0, output.WindowScanOutputs.First().ErrorCount);

Reviewer: Might be worth a comment that we're using `First()` because we know that we only have 1 top-level window

            }

>             catch(AxeWindowsAutomationException e)

Reviewer: Now that ExecutionWrapper is gone, the caller needs to handle a broader set of Exceptions. Maybe this?
```suggestion
            catch(Exception e)
```

#### Error handling

> `AxeWindowsAutomationException` is thrown for errors in `Axe.Windows.Automation`'s logic where meaningful error reporting can be generated. In some situations, the `Exception.InnerException` property may contain a corresponding system-level exception for errors encountered by Axe.Windows.

Reviewer: Should we clarify that other Exception types can also be thrown here?

> #### Migrating from Axe.Windows 1.x

Reviewer: This doesn't feel like an H4. Maybe H3, so it's a peer of the Class details?

> Migration to Axe.Windows 2.0 from 1.x should require minimal code changes for most projects.

Reviewer: nit: Since people will be migrating *from* 1.x *to* 2.0, should we describe it that way?
```suggestion
Migration from Axe.Windows 1x to Axe.Windows 2.0 should require minimal code changes for most projects:
```

##### `IScanner.ScanAll` removed

> The `ScanAll` method for scanning multiple top-level windows has been removed. Use `ScanAsync` or `Scan` instead.

Reviewer: This brings up an interesting point that I didn't consider before. Scanning multiple-level windows was a two-step process--the user had to enable multiple scans on the ConfigBuilder, then call the ScanAll API. That was for backward compatibility. Since 2.0 is a breaking change, maybe we can revisit that. What are your thoughts on enabling multiple top-level windows by default?

Reviewer: The change to always enable multiple top-level windows has been merged

#### Error handling

`AxeWindowsAutomationException` is thrown for errors in `Axe.Windows.Automation`'s logic where meaningful error reporting can be generated. In some situations, the `Exception.InnerException` property may contain a corresponding system-level exception for errors encountered by Axe.Windows. Other exceptions may be thrown by the system from calls to this library.

### Migrating from Axe.Windows 1.x
Migration from Axe.Windows 1.x to Axe.Windows 2.0 should require minimal code changes for most projects.

#### `IScanner.ScanAll` removed
The `ScanAll` method for scanning multiple top-level windows has been removed. Use `ScanAsync` or `Scan` instead.

#### Calling `IScanner.Scan`

In place of this | Do this
---|---
`IScanner.Scan()` | `IScanner.Scan(null)`
`IScanner.Scan("scanId")` | `IScanner.Scan(new ScanOptions(scanId: "scanId"))`

#### `ScanResults` replaced with `ScanOutput`

> The new return type of `IScanner`'s methods is `ScanOutput`. This object contains a `WindowScanOutputs` field, a `IReadOnlyCollection` of `WindowScanOutput` objects. These objects contain the same fields as the previous `ScanResults` class.

Reviewer: This would be a prime example of internal reference, something like this:
```suggestion
The new return type of `IScanner`'s methods is [`ScanOutput`](Link to ScanIOutput in doc
```suggestion
`Scan` returns a [`ScanOutput`](https://github.com/microsoft/axe-windows/blob/main/docs/AutomationReference.md#scanoutput) 
```

The long-term goal is to have things described in detail in exactly one place to avoid the risk of things drifting out of sync.

Author: I'm worried about linking to one particular branch. What if someone forks?

#### Error handling

> `AxeWindowsAutomationException` is thrown for errors in `Axe.Windows.Automation`'s logic where meaningful error reporting can be generated. In some situations, the `Exception.InnerException` property may contain a corresponding system-level exception for errors encountered by Axe.Windows. Other exceptions may be thrown by the system from calls to this library.

Reviewer 2: Can we add a note here that if the cancellation token is cancelled, then we will also throw an aggregate exception which contains a `TaskCancelledException`?
